-What?
-This is crazy!
-Is this for real?
-There's no way!
-Who's that?
-What?
[Toman Member] What the hell
is that Valhalla bastard
doing at a Toman meeting?
(crowd murmuring)
[Takemichi] Chifuyu and Hanma?
What's going on here, Mikey?
As you all know, in the
Bloody Halloween battle,
Valhalla had 300
men to Toman's 150.
And, despite those odds, because
all of you did your best,
we still managed
to claim victory!
And now Vice Commander Hanma
has something he wants to say!
(footsteps thudding)
I'm Hanma Shuji from Valhalla.
(crowd grumbling)
Valhalla hasn't had an actual
commander for a long time.
So, after losing this
battle, we have, as a group,
decided to reorganize
under Toman.
-What?
-There's no way!
Valhalla and the
Tokyo Manji Gang
are now officially allies!
[Takemichi] Huh?
-This is crazy!
-No way!
[Toman Member] What?
So all 300 members of Valhalla
are going to be under Toman?
[Toman Member] That means
Toman's gonna have 450 members!
[Toman Member] Dude,
Toman's gonna be awesome!
[Toman] Yeah, unbeatable!
I can't get over it!
[Cheering Toman
Member] Toman rules!
[Crowd] Toman, Toman,
Toman, Toman, Toman!
[Takemichi] Hey, wait a sec!
-(air whooshing)
-(tense music)
-Toman, Toman!
-Something's wrong here!
We finally managed to avoid
having Mikey kill Kazutora.
-Toman, Toman!
-But now,
if this dude joins
up with Toman,
and then Toman and
Valhalla combine forces,
-it's gonna mean-
-Toman!
-So!
-(Takemichi gasping)
Now for the guy who brought
Mikey and me together.
It's only because of him
that this all worked out.
[Takemichi] (gasping) No way!
So come on up here!
-Huh?
-What?
(Takemichi gasping)
[Takemichi] Oh no!
-What?
-What, huh?
[Hanma] Tetta Kisaki!
[Crowd] Whoa!
[Takemichi] Kisaki!
Kisaki is the enemy.
-Whoa!
-Yeah, yeah!
-Yeah! (laughing)
-Hey!
-How are you, man?
-Wow!
-That's right!
-Yeah!
-(Toman member laughing)
(Takemichi gasping)
-Woo-hoo, yeah!
-Yeah!
-(Takemichi hyperventilating)
-(somber music)
(crowd cheering)
[Takemichi] We're
gonna get taken over!
-(singer singing in Japanese)
-(opening theme music)
-(crowd cheering)
-(crowd laughing)
Baji sacrificed his
life to protect Toman
and now Kisaki's just
gonna take it over!
That means, in the future,
Toman's still going
to end up evil!
-Did I mess it up again?
-Toman, Toman!
[Mikey] There's one more
thing I'd like to say!
-Huh?
-Toman!
We gained some things
at the Bloody Halloween,
but we lost some things too.
Our First Division Captain,
Keisuke Baji, is dead.
I urge you all to deeply
reflect upon this truth
and find a way to accept it.
I leave the closing to you,
First Division Vice
Captain Chifuyu Matsuno.
[Takemichi] Chifuyu.
I was seriously thinking
about quitting Toman,
but then the commander
said this to me.
"Are you going to
blow out the flame
"of the First
Division for good?"
(gentle somber music)
[Takemichi] You poor guy,
this must be harder for
you than for anyone.
Taking over as the First
Division Captain in Baji's place
would have been way too
much for me to handle,
so I talked with the commander.
We talked for days
and days, in fact,
and I finally came
to a conclusion.
I'm the one who gets to decide
who I'm willing to follow!
Takemichi Hanagaki!
You're gonna take
over as the captain
-of the First Division!
-(Takemichi gasping)
-What?
-That guy?
[Toman Member] Is that the guy
who always got his ass kicked?
[Toman Member] Oh, I don't know.
But this is nuts!
So, Takemitchy, we will
honor Baji's final wish
before he died.
You are the one that Baji chose
and the commander and
I have finalized it!
(Takemichi gasping)
(crowd murmuring in surprise)
-Are you serious?
-Him?
-I don't know.
-I wouldn't have guessed.
(crowd murmuring in surprise)
-Takemichi Hanagaki!
-(Takemichi gasping)
Raise your head
and greet everyone!
(triumphant music)
I just know you can save her!
Save everyone if you can.
Crybaby
hero.
This isn't over yet.
I've got to take over Toman!
I'm leaving them to you.
(suspenseful triumphant music)
[Hinata] Please, please go.
You're so important to me, I
don't want you to die here too.
(Takemichi grunting)
This is still not over yet!
-(crowd gasping)
-(crowd murmuring in surprise)
I can still change Toman!
I can!
(Takemichi sobbing)
(Takemichi gasping)
Thanks for this one last chance!
(pensive music)
What the hell?
What are you crying for?
What a crazy reaction!
Yeah, now I'm gonna have
to redo his embroidery.
(chuckling) That's not
raising your head, dumbass.
(Takemichi strained sobbing)
-(footsteps thudding)
-(triumphant music)
[Takemichi] The more I do,
the worse the situation
seems to get, but
there's still hope,
right, Naoto?
[Hinata] Huh?
[Takemichi] There has to be
something I can still do!
(air whooshing)
(energy crackling)
(upbeat music)
I came back to 2017 this time,
back to the rental shop again.
(footsteps thudding)
My manager.
Everything's just
the same as it was.
So sorry to keep
you waiting, sir!
[Takemichi] Huh?
[Manager] I checked,
but I'm sorry to say
we don't have what you're
looking for at this location.
[Takemichi] Huh?
What the?
-I called around to the-
-What am I doing
-with this nice watch?
-Other stores in the area,
-but even there it's-
-And this expensive
-looking bag?
-On back order,
so it will take at least
a week to get it in.
-What would you like to do?
-(Takemichi gasping)
[Takemichi] What the
hell is this haircut?
[Manager] Sir?
Uh, I, uh, oh, that's
okay, don't worry about it!
[Manager] Thank you, sir!
(Takemichi gasping)
Took you long enough, Takemichi.
You love coming to this
rental shop, don't you?
[Takemichi] Wait, who is this?
-Let's go.
-(car horn blaring)
(Takemichi shuddering)
Go where?
[Man] Get in already.
Huh?
-(car whooshing)
-(tense music)
I ended up getting in, but...
So, uh, where
exactly are we going?
Huh, the hell are
you talking about?
We're going to your place.
My place?
Hold on, my apartment's actually
-the other way-
-You gave the orders for this
isn't that right, Koji?
Yes, sir!
[Takemichi] I gave them orders?
What the hell are
they talking about?
[Koji] Would you mind
if I had a smoke, sir?
-(Koji grunting)
-(Takemichi gasping)
[Man] Takemichi doesn't like
cars that smell like smoke!
What the hell
-is going on here?
-I already told you that,
-you jackass!
-They care about what I like?
-Alright, alright, I'm sorry!
-Scary guys like these?
[Koji] Holy smokes!
-(Takemichi gasping)
-Was that a pun?
-Are you making fun of me?
-I know, I'll call Naoto!
[Koji] No, no!
[Takemichi] Huh?
His number's not in my phone!
-(Takemichi gasping)
-(tires screeching)
(Takemichi sighing)
Yo, Takemichi.
-(Takemichi gasping)
-(tense music)
Better get your shit
together man, we're here.
Oh, right.
Now what am I gonna do?
Even if I find his number,
I can't call Naoto in
front of all these guys!
(car door thudding)
[Group] Welcome, sir!
(Takemichi yelping)
[Takemichi] What the what?
Took you long enough, Takemichi.
-Yikes, more scary-ass-
-Why're you keeping us
-all waiting?
-Dudes I've never met!
Hey, wait a second, though.
Can't let this kinda shit happen
I feel like I've seen
-these guys before.
-or we're all gonna pay.
Yamagishi, you need
to keep him in line!
[Takemichi] (gasping) Yamagishi?
No way!
I didn't even recognize him!
Not my fault, this
slow-ass made us stop
so he could rent some
DVD or something.
[Takemichi] Wait, then
that means these two are
Makoto and Takuya!
These guys are my old crew
from Mizo Middle School!
[Makoto] Come on, let's go.
(Takemichi grunting)
Number Two's been waitin'
for us for a while now, Boss.
[Takemichi] Huh? What?
(pensive music)
Wait, does this mean
(elevator chiming)
(elevator doors rattling)
that in this future
I'm actually a winner?
Did I somehow climb
my way to the top?
[Group] Sir!
Welcome back home sir!
(Takemichi gasping)
[Takemichi] This is my place?
[Chifuyu] Answer your
damn phone, Takemitchy.
[Takemichi] (gasping) Chifuyu?
Oh, thank goodness
it's you, Chifuyu!
I have no idea
what's going on here!
Huh? What the hell are
you talking about?
Top boss meeting.
Let's go.
Huh?
Top boss?
Of what?
What're you talking about?
Yo, come on, partner, who do
you think I'm talking about?
You're Tokyo Manji
Gang's top exec,
Takemichi Hanagaki.
(energetic rock music)
(Takemichi gasping)
[Takemichi] Me?
I'm the top exec of Toman?
-(footsteps thudding)
-(distant traffic humming)
This way, sir.
(Takemichi grunting)
[Nahoya] Hey, who the hell
ordered the jellyfish?
Man, the mapo is spicy, it's
got way too much pepper!
Hey, where the hell's
the fried rice?
-Sir?
-(Takemichi gasping)
(gentle classical music)
(Takemichi grunting)
[Takemichi] I can't believe it,
I'm seriously an
executive in Toman now!
And that means I might
be able to get closer
to the core of
the present Toman,
something we didn't know
anything about before!
(Takemichi grunting
uncomfortably)
But why the hell isn't
Naoto's number in here?
Item one on the agenda:
our treasury fund balances.
Uh, no the first item is
where is my goddamn
fried rice, you jackass.
And, besides that,
there are still
some guys missing
from this meeting.
[Takemichi] It's Pah!
[Yasuhiro] Shut up, Pah.
Huh?
Just keep on stuffing your face.
[Takemichi] And that guy,
wasn't he the Fifth Division's-
Besides, who's not here
other than Mitsuya?
-Look around, there's others
-(Takemichi gasping)
who aren't here
yet too, jackass!
And how come I still don't
have my damn fried rice?
I can't eat unless I
got my rice, damn it!
[Nahoya] Shit-for-brains.
-Huh?
-(Takemichi grunting)
Fried rice always comes
last, you big baldy!
[Takemichi] That's the
Fourth Division's captain!
Shit-for-brains?
Who the hell do you
think you're talkin' to?
[Takemichi] And that's Peh!
Everybody knows Pah's brain's
made of air, you asshole!
Yeah!
Then you should ask them to
make the fried rice first.
[Takemichi] I guess some
things never change.
Even 12 years later, everyone
is still here in Toman.
All you guys do is yap!
Shut the hell up!
(Shiba chomping)
[Takemichi] But who's this guy?
Ya damn old-timers.
Huh?
What'd you just say?
You better watch
out you don't go
gettin' a big head, Shiba!
Shut up!
Who do you think is putting food
on the table for you these days?
You old-timers barely even
contribute to the treasury,
you just lie around,
only because you've been
here for the longest.
-Huh?
-The hell'd you just say?
Hey, hold on-
(Kokonoi chuckling)
Come on, Inupi, you
are way too honest.
[Takemichi] Who are
these other guys?
[Chifuyu] They keep talking
like they're the shit.
[Takemichi] Hm?
Damn ex-Black Dragons.
[Takemichi] Black Dragons?
Hey, where the hell
is Mikey, anyways?
(Shiba chomping)
Ah!
Like he'd ever wanna
spend time with your ass.
[Pah] Huh?
Mikey, Mikey, Mikey.
All you old-timers ever
do is whine about him
whenever something goes wrong.
(Shiba chomping)
Clingy little bitches!
(chair crashing)
(footsteps thudding)
Shiba, let's take
this outside now!
Oh, what a pain.
You idiots think you're back
on the playground in here?
[Takemichi] Shuji Hanma!
(Pah growling)
So he exists in this
version of the present too.
What I wanted to discuss
at this regular meeting
was not the treasury funds.
Koko's public IT company
and Shiba's cover business
and several of our other
front and shell companies
were all raided by the cops
three days ago, which means
We have a Judas
sitting here among us.
(tense tapping)
A Judas?
[Yasuhiro] He means a traitor.
There's no traitor here!
Everyone here's a ride-or-die!
Are you stupid?
If no one's snitching
to the cops,
then how the hell did
we all get searched
on the very same day?
You little punk-ass,
who do you think
you're callin' stupid?
And don't try to
make it sound better
by calling him stupid
instead of dumbass, dumbass!
I'm the one who
called him a dumbass.
Shut yer pie hole!
[Inupi] If you're
lookin' to fight Koko,
maybe you should start with me!
[Peh] What, you
want a piece of me?
[Inupi] Yeah, bring it, dipshit!
[Man] Looks like you're all
-having fun.
-Careful what you ask for!
-Huh? (gasping)
-(chairs scraping)
[All Except Takemichi]
Good day, sir!
(Takemichi grunting)
[Takemichi] HuH?
(tense music)
(gasping) Kisaki!
No need to be so
formal, guys, come on!
[Takemichi] Huh?
[Hanma] It's rare
for you to show up
at an upper echelon
meeting, Kisaki.
I've got some business here.
[Takemichi] That's
Kisaki all right,
but he seems different somehow.
(Takemichi grunting)
Huh?
Takemichi, Chifuyu,
could I have a few
minutes of your time?
Oh, uh, sure.
(gentle music)
Isn't this place great?
I just had it built.
[Takemichi] Awesome.
[Kisaki] Well, have a seat.
[Takemichi] Uh, sure.
[Kisaki] You can
sit too, Chifuyu.
Thanks, but I'll stand,
if you don't mind.
(laughing) Always did
have a stick up your ass.
[Takemichi] Tetta Kisaki!
Always one of the
most important figures
in the entire Tokyo Manji Gang
and now, apparently,
its acting commander,
the guy that somehow the
whole Tokyo police force
could never get their hands on!
Is this really that same Kisaki?
-At this point
-(Takemichi gasping)
we've all known each other
for quite a long time.
Huh?
Yeah.
I never thought
everyone from back then
would still be alive
and kicking today,
much less be here with us.
(Takemichi grunting warily)
Are you surprised to hear that?
[Takemichi] Uh, no, not really.
Takemichi, Chifuyu.
[Takemichi] Huh?
Tell me this.
Tell the truth.
[Takemichi] Huh?
Do you hate me?
(Takemichi gasping)
It was about this time,
only 12 long years ago,
when Baji died.
(Chifuyu grunting)
The blame for that is all mine.
(both grunting in surprise)
I'm the one who planned the
Bloody Halloween battle.
(Takemichi grunting in surprise)
[Takemichi] I already knew that,
but why would he admit
it and say it out loud?
I used Hanma to sweet-talk
Kazutora Hanemiya
and then I created Valhalla,
and then I set them up
to clash with Toman.
[Chifuyu] But why
would you do that?
Because I wanted power!
I wanted to be
respected for something.
And I thought if I
stopped the fight,
then everyone would
bow down to me.
I was desperate.
I didn't think Baji
was going to die!
(Chifuyu gasping)
I'm serious, Chifuyu!
(Takemichi grunting)
(somber music)
I'm sorry.
I've wanted to say
that for so long.
It's our friends
who are important.
After 12 years, I
finally understand.
So you regret what happened?
All the things you did then?
Not a single day
goes by that I don't.
(Takemichi grunting)
You can continue to hate
me, of course, if you must,
but at least have a
drink with me today.
[Chifuyu] All right.
Here's a toast to Baji.
(all slurping)
[Takemichi And Chifuyu] Ah.
Hey, uh, can I
have beer instead?
I'm not used to the
expensive stuff.
(chuckling) Hey hey,
we can't have Toman
execs talking like that!
Guess not.
(Takemichi coughing)
(Kisaki laughing)
[Chifuyu] Don't force yourself.
[Takemichi] I can't
believe this is happening.
You know, maybe this future
is actually pretty
awesome after all.
[Kisaki] (sighing) I haven't
had this much fun in a while.
[Takemichi] Yeah, same here.
[Kisaki] Can I say
just one more thing?
-Huh?
-Hm?
When I said earlier
that I didn't think
Baji was going to
die that day...
Yeah, well, I lied.
Huh?
I used Kazutora's insane anger
to get Baji killed that day.
And now I'm about to
finish what I started.
-(Takemichi gasping)
-(suspenseful music)
Oh no!
(Takemichi crashing)
(Takemichi gasping)
Huh?
Oh that's right, this is...
Hey, I can't move!
(groaning) What the
hell's going on?
(grunting) What am
I doing tied up?
-Takemitchy.
-Hm?
[Takemichi] Chifuyu?
What the hell happened to you?
Looks like you had a good nap.
(both grunting)
Hanagaki.
[Takemichi] Kisaki!
You drugged us!
(Takemichi grunting)
Chifuyu Matsuno, you sure
are an annoying little fly.
You just couldn't forget
about something that happened
12 years ago and you
kept trying to bite me.
You had to get
revenge for Baji, huh?
[Takemichi] Huh?
-(blow thudding)
-(Chifuyu grunting)
[Takemichi] Stop it, Kisaki!
Why not admit that it was you?
The two of you together
are Judas, aren't you?
-Huh?
-(blow thudding)
Seriously, you sure did
tell the cops a lotta shit,
-you stupid dumbass!
-Stop it, Kisaki, damn you!
-Stop it!
-(Chifuyu coughing)
You're wrong!
The cops got all
that on their own!
All I ever wanted
was to run you out of
Toman once and for all!
(Kisaki sighing)
How long are you gonna keep
chasing after Baji's shadow,
you sorry little shit?
(Chifuyu panting)
Toman's rotten right now,
and I'm the one who's
gonna change it!
You're right about one
thing, I am the Judas.
Takemitchy didn't know.
[Takemichi] Oh, Chifuyu,
don't tell me 12 years later
you were still trying to avenge
Baji's death all by yourself?
Hey!
I'm the one who gets to decide
whether he's been
involved in this or not.
(tense suspenseful music)
So, Hanagaki, why are you acting
like you've got no idea
what's going on here?
[Takemichi] Huh?
Well?
(gunshot booming)
(Takemichi screaming)
You bastard, I told you,
Takemitchy has nothing
to do with this!
-He doesn't know anything!
-My leg!
Oh, shut your mouth!
You two are
partners, aren't you?
You shared everything!
(Takemichi screaming)
You're a lunatic.
So, got any last words to say?
(Takemichi screaming)
Takemitchy.
Takemichi!
(Takemichi panting)
Listen, Takemitchy, because
these are my last words.
A lot has happened
these past 12 years.
Mikey disappeared
and Draken was executed.
Before we knew it,
we'd gotten ourselves
involved in some messed-up shit.
And all of us made our share
of some serious mistakes,
but still, down deep I know
that we haven't changed!
(Takemichi gasping)
So now Baji's legacy,
and Toman's as well,
(somber music)
they're both
in your hands partner.
-(gunshot booming)
-(Takemichi gasping)
(body thudding)
(Takemichi gasping)
Chifuyu!
(Takemichi sobbing)
No way!
This has to be some
kind of nightmare!
There's no way
Chifuyu could be dead!
Just like that?
So how's it feel
to have the fate
of all of Toman
resting in your hands?
(suspenseful music)
Don't worry, you're gonna be
following him soon enough.
(Takemichi sobbing)
(Kisaki growling)
What in the hell are you?
(Takemichi gasping)
Is that really all
you've got, huh?
(Takemichi breathing shakily)
That's too bad.
(Takemichi panting angrily)
How sad.
Farewell,
hero.
(gunshot booming)